Feature success Q3 objectives (#8739)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/teams/feature-success/objectives.mdx

### Objective: Make sure feature flags can handle 10x current scale

> Last to last quarter we hit some scaling limits on flags: It's now very expensive to run flags on Django and we'll hit some scaling limits at 5x our scale.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the beginning of 2024, we hit some scaling limits on flags: It's now very expensive to run flags on Django and we'll hit some scaling limits at 5x our scale.
```

To get ahead of this problem, we'll rewrite our flags service to be more performant and reliable. This is a continuation of last quarter's goal, since we aren't done yet.

> ### Objective: No-code experiments 

Reviewer: I think we should split no-code experiments and "Split out experiments into its own product" into two separate goals.

> Last quarter we polished up our new experiment UI. This quarter, we want to address some issues that came up, and then focus on building out some more ambitious features on top of experiments.

Author: I think the list below is good enough, as long as all of us are aware of the issues to solve!
